Make money online at home
So you decide to make money by internet. You try too much for it but you didn’t get anything it’s happened since you don’t now how to make money online using internet. First thing that you should get information about it but when you searching on net you will get a lot of information about make money online at home. Its hard to choice a Wright way since if you choose a wrong   track than it will be waste off time and money.
Now I am telling how you can make money online at home.
1.	Affiliate Program
2.	Google AdSense 
Start this work you need a website or blog. In tow way you can make website or blog. Buy your own domain name and build website if you don’t want spend money on make website than choose a free website option here you can find free website.
1.	www.blogger.com/
2.	www.wordpress.com/
3.	www.weebly.com/
4.	www.wix.com/
5.	www.yola.com/
1.	Affiliate marketing program is run commission base on product advertising. So many affiliate programs in market you need join one. Affiliate program also run in two ways 1. Commission platform, 2. Direct Company affiliate marketing  program 
(1.)	Commission platform
 Register with a platform as a publishers and submit your site url there and choose a category for advertise and apply for it. When any advertiser company accepts your proposal than generate product link, banner use it on your website any ware you want. Here you can find some top commission platform
(1)	 www.cj.com/
(2)	  www.linkshare.com/
(3)	 www.adwanteg.com/
(4)	 www.clickbank.com/
(5)	 www.shreasale.com/
(6)	 www.flexoffers.com/
(7)	 www.revenuewire.com/
(8)	 www.avantlink.com/
(9)	 www.linkconnector.com/
(10)	www.usaffiliatewindow.com/

2.	Direct Company affiliate marketing  program 
In this work you join a company affiliate marketing program direct without any commission agent. Register with any company and wait for approve your application after approved your application select product link, banner, weight and bookmarks you want to advertise on your website. Here you can find top affiliate marketing company.
(1)	 www.affiliate.flipkart.com/
(2)	 www.affiliate-progrm.amazon.in/
(3)	 www.apple.com/in/itunnes/affiliates/
(4)	 www.affiliate.snapdeal.com/
(5)	 www.ebay.comaffiliate/faq1html

2.  Google Adsense
 	Google AdSense best plateform for make money online without do anything but Google adsense accept only custom domain name only so you need to buy your own domain name and build a website with it, make a Google adsense account and login to google adsense verify your website and complete all task. Place google adsense on your website and see magic.

 



